All right, so we're done with categories.
We can create rid of the delete.
Now we're going to move on to working on the posts.
So let me take you to the finished product so you can you can see we have the post space where we will
show the post and we will allow the admin to edit and delete as well.
Our admin can search our filter out from the list of posts and then we have the button.
When they click on the button, we take them to the add new bits, which is here.
All right.
So let's go ahead and create these two pages.
One is to show all the posts and the other one is to create a new post.
So we will enter the title.
We will use this rich text editor
and this is absolutely beautiful, restricts energy.
So you can see here this is you can write something like that.
You can formatted text with all these options, it can come down and if you want to just type in quickly,
you can type the less and that will give you all these options as well.
You know, you can have the different page.
One history you can create to do list bullet points, tables, quotes.
You can put your code, the divisor, you can insert images.
And we work on this one.
So when we entered the image, we will upload that image to cloud energy and receive the yellow and
that here will be saved in the post.
So we need to actually save the base64 image which will make your post really huge and you can actually
insert a very large image file because that will make it too big, right?
But that's how it's going to work.
We're going to just put the the URL of the image.
So it's going to be extremely fast, very small in size, no matter how big images you upload.
All right.
So we have the alert boxes, says, listen, there are so many features in this restriction.
Really, it's a dream come true.
You can to have the bullet points we have.
The list.
We got, um, the table.
So amazing.
Actually.
Thank you, sir.
Steph, go to the next line.
When you create a table, I think you get option to format as good to how many you want to you table
and.
This one you can just remove.
You can.
Add one more.
Thank you.
It's absolutely amazing.
All right.
So this is a risk text editor based on markdown.
So we're going to use this to create our blog post articles.
We will have the title for the article and then you can preview how it looks as well.
We will obviously have the option to select the categories.
Using this and component select companies is absolutely amazing.
And we will also approve the featured images.
And then when you saw your post here, you can show the featured images like this that look really nice.
You can see if that's the featured image.
That's the blog title, some meta information about the blog.
We will have these here icons as as layer.
And this is the content.
And you can even put the images in between the content as well.
All right.
So that's how we going to implement the post feature, which is one of the main highlight of discourse,
because when you talk about any content management system, this is one of the most important thing.
You want to have a really good rich text editor that will.
Allow you to create exciting posts.
All right.
So we're going to have this one.
So let's go ahead and create these two pieces.
One is to solve the post.
And one is to create a new post.
So let's go to our add new.
I guess we all have created the space.
You can see admin posts less new, but I think we don't have the space for this one for all post which
is admin less post.
So let's go ahead and create this piece.
Let's start from there.
So admin post.
This one is boasts.
Post new.
I think.
I think we should call it post just to make things a bit more.
Easy to use.
I said it's called posts and then tech posts.
We can create a new format called index dances, which will work as the basis for the post contest postings
to.
Which let me just write one just to give it a try.
Course based.
And exports different ways.
Okay.
So we can have a look at that.
We turn the page.
Now let's go and fix, because since we have changed the name, we should go to the navigation.
Let's go to the top nav and update the link.
I said it's good.
Done.
No, actually, it's not.
It's.
We should go to admin.
No.
So component now admin.
That means less posts for new.
Let's make it as.
All right.
So you can see here.
We've got to add new.
Admin posts now.
So that hasn't changed.
And no.
We changed it.
So we changed only the active name for this.
For the active plus, let's add.
Yeah, it's
all right.
Also admin stress boosts.
And the other one you see that is fixed now.
All right.
So we'll let's go and set up this is the way we did with the other one.
So we need to have the admin tab in the sidebar.
All right, let's go the posts new and you can see we are using the admin there too.
We need to make sure we use that.
So I didn't copy that.
Go to index and let's actually do that with that one.
And to this to post.
First, let's not worry about this one admin layout we're importing.
So that is.
So we go one step, two step up, three steps, and that looks good.
Posts.
I guess we got the post office and we get the new one.
Beautiful.
Now let's have some basic layout here.
So here, what we want to do is we want to use the columns in rows.
Right.
So let's remove that.
Let's use the row.
I guess the inside rule.
We can have a column.
Column spend 24 we can use.
All right, so here, what you want to do is we want to let so a button.
I guess this is this is actually we're going to show the list, a post that is already created.
Just like here we can see in the finished finished app we will show the list of posts in right on top.
So this button, just so that it's easier to just click here and go to the add new page just for the
same purpose.
All right.
So it's import button component.
We also need to make sure we import row and column from end.
All right.
So here, let's use button.
We can give this the type of primary.
Let me use this nice blue button has the animal side submit, which is not something we need here.
Let's have a bit of a stand here.
Margins, just so that we can have better margin just on the top and the side.
That's a margin.
Let's use ten pixel on top, digital picture on right.
Ten pixel on the bottom and zero picture on the left side clockwise.
We use this very top right bottom.
And the left.
All right.
So we're going to give the button a name.
Actually, we have to use the link component.
So when they click, we will take them to this new base.
All right.
So we can import a link component from and so on and mixed link.
And then we use that link here instead linguine to make sure we have the anchor tag.
And here on the anchor tile we can give the text and.
All right, so the link you can use.
Right.
So it will take two steps and means less new and less post slash.
By the way, you can also use this item, plus our talent.
So let's import that as well.
So an import from and icons.
So that icon is called gloss.
Cross Heartland.
All right.
So before this ad you text, we can use that plus our outlined.
Beautiful.
So right under this button is still within this column.
We can then.
So the H1 four posts.
All right.
And then we will be issuing a list of posts underneath.
So let's have a look here.
It's I'm back here.
Let's give it a reverse.
Okay.
So my bear.
This one, you see?
You likely forgot to explore the component.
It is the import issue that happened because I tried to disturb the link, which is not right.
So you just input link directly like this.
Now this is very confusing if you coming from the React React Create React app.
So if you using the real counter, don't you usually do this structuring because with next you just
directly input without destructor.
I guess that's it.
Fix the issue.
Skip refresh.
All right.
So you can see we have the bottom.
If you click, you're landing on this piece.
Okay.
Beautiful.
I think we don't actually need any padding.
This styling, unfortunately, that wasn't worth it.
I think that looks good as it is.